MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

MICROSOFT WINDOWS SERVER 2003 R2 STANDARD 
EDITION, ENTERPRISE EDITION, KN WITH SERVICE 
PACK 2 

These license terms are an agreement between 
Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you 
live, one of its affiliates) and you. Please 
read them. They apply to the software named 
above, which includes the media on which you 
received it, if any. The terms also apply to 
any Microsoft

 updates, 

 supplements, 

 Internet-based services, and

 support services

for this software, unless other terms 
accompany those items. If so, those terms 
apply.

By using the software, you accept these 
terms. If you do not accept them, do not use 
the software. Instead, return it to the 
retailer for a refund or credit. If you 
cannot obtain a refund there, contact 
Microsoft or the Microsoft affiliate serving 
your country for information about 
Microsoft's refund policies. See www.
microsoft.com/worldwide. In the United States 
and Canada, call (800) MICROSOFT or see www.
microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm <http://www.
microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm>.

NOTICE ABOUT THE LACK OF WINDOWS MEDIA 
SERVICES. The software does not include 
Windows Media Services as defined by the 
Korean Fair Trade Commission. In order to 
stream live or on-demand audio and video 
content over the Internet or an intranet, you 
must install media server software, either 
from Microsoft or a third party. You may find 
more information at <http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?linkid=68149>. Microsoft does not 
provide any warranty for functionality 
related to Windows Media Services.

As described below, using some features also 
operates as your consent to the transmission 
of certain standard computer information for 
Internet-based services.

If you comply with these license terms, you 
have the rights below for each software 
license you acquire.

1. OVERVIEW.

a. Software. The software includes 

 server software; and

 additional software that may only be used 
with the server software directly, or 
indirectly through other additional software.

b. License Models. The software is licensed 
based on

 the number of instances of server software 
that you run; and 

 the number of devices and users that 
access instances of the server software.

c. Definitions.

 Instance. You create an 'instance' of 
software by executing the software's setup or 
install procedure. You also create an 
instance of software by duplicating an 
existing instance. References to software in 
this agreement include 'instances' of the 
software.

 Run an Instance. You 'run an instance' of 
software by loading it into memory and 
executing one or more of its instructions. 
Once running, an instance is considered to be 
running (whether or not its instructions 
continue to execute) until it is removed from 
memory.

 Operating System Environment. An 
'operating system environment' is

i. all or part of an operating system 
instance, or all or part of a virtual (or 
otherwise emulated) operating system instance 
which enables separate machine identity 
(primary computer name or similar unique 
identifier) or separate administrative rights,
and 

ii. instances of applications, if any, 
configured to run on the operating system 
instances or parts identified above. 

There are two types of operating system 
environments, physical and virtual. A 
physical operating system environment is 
configured to run directly on a physical 
hardware system. A virtual operating system 
environment is configured to run on a virtual 
(or otherwise emulated) hardware system. A 
physical hardware system can have either or 
both of the following: 

i. one physical operating system environment

ii. one or more virtual operating system 
environments.

 Server. A server is a physical hardware 
system capable of running server software. A 
hardware partition or blade is considered to 
be a separate physical hardware system.

 Assigning a License. To assign a license 
means simply to designate that license to one 
device or user.

2. USE RIGHTS. 

a. Assigning the License to the Server.

i. Before you run any instance of the server 
software under a software license, you must 
assign that license to one of your servers. 
That server is the licensed server for that 
particular license. You may assign other 
software licenses to the same server, but you 
may not assign the same license to more than 
one server. 

ii. You may reassign a software license, but 
not within 90 days of the last assignment. 
You may reassign a software license sooner if 
you retire the licensed server due to 
permanent hardware failure. If you reassign a 
license, the server to which you reassign the 
license becomes the new licensed server for 
that license.

b. Running Instances of the Server Software. 
You have the rights below for each software 
license you assign (corresponding to the 
edition of the software you have licensed).

i. Standard Edition. You may run, at any one 
time, one instance of the server software in 
one physical or virtual operating system 
environment on the licensed server.

ii. Enterprise Edition.

A. You may run on the licensed server, at 
any one time: 

I. one instance of the server software in 
one physical operating system environment, 
and 

II. up to four instances of the server 
software in virtual operating system 
environments (only one instance per virtual 
operating system environment). If you have 
separately licensed Standard Edition, you may 
run an instance of Standard Edition in place 
of Enterprise Edition in any of these virtual 
operating system environments. This agreement 
applies to your use of Standard Edition in 
this manner.

B. If you run all five permitted instances 
at the same time, the instance of the server 
software running in the physical operating 
system environment may be used only to run 
hardware virtualization software and to 
manage and service operating system 
environments on the licensed server. 

c. Running Instances of the Additional 
Software. You may run or otherwise use any 
number of instances of additional software 
listed below in physical or virtual operating 
system environments on any number of devices. 
You may use additional software only with the 
server software directly, or indirectly 
through other additional software.

 DFS Namespaces and Replication Console 

 Print Management 

 File Server Management 

 Identity Management for Unix Admin Pack 

 File Server Resource Manager 

 Server Administration Tools

 Remote Desktop Connection

 Windows System Resource Manager

d. Creating and Storing Instances on Your 
Servers or Storage Media. You have the 
additional rights below for each software 
license you acquire.

i. You may create one instance of the server 
software solely to exercise your right to run 
one instance in a physical operating system 
environment as described above.

ii. You may create any number of instances 
of the server software solely to exercise 
your right to run instances in virtual 
operating system environments as described 
above.

iii. You may create any number of instances 
of the additional software solely to exercise 
your rights to run or use instances in 
physical and virtual operating system 
environments as described above.

iv. You may store instances created under 
(ii) and (iii) above on any of your servers 
or storage media.

v. You may create and store instances to 
exercise your rights described above under 
any of your software licenses. You may not 
use the instances for any other purpose (e.g.,
you may not distribute instances to third 
parties).

3. ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR 
USE RIGHTS.

a. Client Access Licenses (CALs).

i. You must acquire and assign the 
appropriate CAL to each device or user that 
accesses your instances of the server 
software directly or indirectly. A hardware 
partition or blade is considered to be a 
separate device.

 You do not need CALs for any user or 
device that accesses your instances of the 
server software only through the Internet 
without being authenticated or otherwise 
individually identified by the server 
software. 

 You do not need CALs for any of your 
servers licensed to run your instances of the 
server software.

 You do not need CALs for up to two devices 
or users to access your instances of the 
server software only to administer those 
instances. 

 Your CALs permit access to your instances 
of earlier versions, but not later versions, 
of the server software. As an exception, you 
may use Windows Server 2003 CALs, Windows 
Server 2003 Terminal Services CALs and 
Windows Server 2003 Rights Management 
Services CALs to satisfy your CAL 
requirements described in more detail below.

ii. Types of CALs. There are two types of 
CALs: one for devices and one for users. Each 
device CAL permits one device, used by any 
user, to access instances of the server 
software on your licensed servers. Each user 
CAL permits one user, using any device, to 
access instances of the server software on 
your licensed servers. You may use a 
combination of device and user CALs.

iii. Reassignment of CALs. You may

 permanently reassign your device CAL from 
one device to another, or your user CAL from 
one user to another; or

 temporarily reassign your device CAL to a 
loaner device while the first device is out 
of service, or your user CAL to a temporary 
worker while the user is absent.

iv. Windows Server 2003 CALs.

 The server software can be used in either 
'per device or per user' mode or 'per server' 
mode. In 'per device or per user' mode, you 
need a Windows Server 2003 CAL for each 
device or user that directly or indirectly 
accesses instances of the server software on 
your licensed servers. In 'per server' mode, 
you need and must dedicate exclusively to an 
instance of the server software as many 
Windows Server 2003 CALs as the greatest 
number of devices and users that may directly 
or indirectly access that instance at the 
same time. You may change the mode only one 
time, from 'per server' to 'per device or per 
user.' If you do, you will retain the same 
number Windows Server 2003 CALs. 

 You may use Windows Small Business Server 
2003 CALs instead of Windows Server 2003 CALs 
to access instances of the server software as 
described above when those instances of 
server software are within an SBS domain. 

v. Windows Server 2003 Terminal Services 
CALs. Regardless of the mode in which you use 
the server software, the following apply.

 In addition to needing a Windows Server 
2003 CAL, you need a Windows Server 2003 
Terminal Services CAL for each user or device 
that directly or indirectly accesses the 
server software to host a graphical user 
interface (using the Windows Server 2003 R2 
Terminal Services functionality or other 
technology). 

 You do not need a Windows Server 2003 
Terminal Services CAL to attach to or mirror 
the console session. The console session is 
the session that takes place through the 
server's primary keyboard and display device 
(or similar devices).

vi. Windows Server 2003 Rights Management 
Services CALs. Regardless of the mode in 
which you use the server software, the 
following applies.

 In addition to needing a Windows Server 
2003 CAL, you need a Windows Server 2003 
Rights Management Services CAL for each user 
or device that directly or indirectly 
accesses the Windows Server 2003 R2 Rights 
Management Services functionality.

b. Multiplexing. Hardware or software you 
use to:

 pool connections,

 reroute information,

 reduce the number of devices or users that 
directly access or use the software, or

 reduce the number of devices or users the 
software directly manages, 

(sometimes referred to as 'multiplexing' or 
'pooling'), does not reduce the number of 
licenses of any type that you need.

c. No Separation of Server Software. You may 
not separate the server software for use in 
more than one operating system environment 
under a single license, unless expressly 
permitted. This applies even if the operating 
system environments are on the same physical 
hardware system.

d. Additional Functionality. Microsoft may 
provide additional functionality for the 
software. Other license terms and fees may 
apply.

4. MANDATORY ACTIVATION. To prevent its 
unlicensed use, you will not be able to use 
the software if you do not activate it as 
described during installation or setup. You 
can activate the software by Internet or 
telephone; Internet and telephone service 
charges may apply. Some changes to your 
computer components or the software may 
require you to reactivate the software. The 
software will remind you to activate until 
you do.

5. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. Microsoft 
provides Internet-based services with the 
software. It may change or cancel them at any 
time.

a. Consent for Internet-Based Services. The 
software features described below connect to 
Microsoft or service provider computer 
systems over the Internet. In some cases, you 
will not receive a separate notice when they 
connect. You may switch off these features or 
not use them. For more information about 
these features, see <http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?linkid=38670>. By using these 
features, you consent to the transmission of 
this information. Microsoft does not use the 
information to identify or contact you.

Computer Information. The following features 
use Internet protocols, which send to the 
appropriate systems computer information, 
such as your Internet protocol address, the 
type of operating system, browser and name 
and version of the software you are using, 
and the language code of the device where you 
run the software. Microsoft uses this 
information to make the Internet-based 
services available to you.

 Windows Update Feature. You may connect 
new hardware to the device where you run the 
software. Your device may not have the 
drivers needed to communicate with that 
hardware. If so, the update feature of the 
software can obtain the correct driver from 
Microsoft and install and run it on your 
device. You can switch off this update 
feature.

 Web Content Features. Features in the 
software can retrieve related content from 
Microsoft and provide it to you. To provide 
the content, these features send to Microsoft 
the type of operating system, name and 
version of the software you are using, type 
of browser and language code of the device 
where you run the software. Examples of these 
features are clip art, templates, online 
training, online assistance and Appshelp. You 
may choose not to use these web content 
features.

 Digital Certificates. The software uses 
digital certificates. These digital 
certificates confirm the identity of Internet 
users sending X.509 standard encrypted 
information. The software retrieves 
certificates and updates certificate 
revocation lists. These security features 
operate only when you use the Internet.

 Auto Root Update. The Auto Root Update 
feature updates the list of trusted 
certificate authorities. You can switch off 
the Auto Root Update feature.

 Windows Media Digital Rights Management. 
Content owners use Windows Media digital 
rights management technology (WMDRM) to 
protect their intellectual property, 
including copyrights. The software and third 
party software use WMDRM to play and copy 
WMDRM-protected content. If the software 
fails to protect the content, content owners 
may ask Microsoft to revoke the software's 
ability to use WMDRM to play or copy 
protected content. Revocation does not affect 
other content. When you download licenses for 
protected content, you agree that Microsoft 
may include a revocation list with the 
licenses. Content owners may require you to 
upgrade WMDRM to access their content. 
Microsoft software that includes WMDRM will 
ask for your consent prior to the upgrade. If 
you decline an upgrade, you will not be able 
to access content that requires the upgrade. 
You may switch off WMDRM features that access 
the Internet. When these features are off, 
you can still play content for which you have 
a valid license.

 Windows Media Player. When you use Windows 
Media Player, it checks with Microsoft for

 compatible online music services in your 
region;

 new versions of the player; and

 codecs if your device does not have the 
correct ones for playing content.

You can switch off this last feature. For 
more information, go to <http://go.microsoft.
com/fwlink/?LinkId=51331>.

 Windows Rights Management Services. The 
software contains a feature that allows you 
to create content that cannot be printed, 
copied or sent to others without your 
permission. You must connect to Microsoft to 
use this feature for the first time. Once a 
year, you must re-connect to Microsoft to 
update it. For more information, go to 
<http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?
LinkId=52646>. You may choose not to use this 
feature.

b. Misuse of Internet-based Services. You 
may not use these services in any way that 
could harm them or impair anyone else's use 
of them. You may not use the services to try 
to gain unauthorized access to any service, 
data, account or network by any means.

6. DATA STORAGE TECHNOLOGY. The server 
software includes data storage technology 
called Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine 
for Windows. Components of the server 
software use this technology to store data. 
You may not otherwise use or access this 
technology under this agreement.

7. MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK BENCHMARK 
TESTING. The software includes the .NET 
Framework component ('.NET Component'). You 
may conduct internal benchmark testing of the 
.NET Component. You may disclose the results 
of any benchmark test of the .NET Component, 
provided that you comply with the following 
terms: (1) you must disclose all the 
information necessary for replication of the 
tests, including complete and accurate 
details of your benchmark testing methodology,
the test scripts/cases, tuning parameters 
applied, hardware and software platforms 
tested, the name and version number of any 
third party testing tool used to conduct the 
testing, and complete source code for the 
benchmark suite/harness that is developed by 
or for you and used to test both the .NET 
Component and the competing 
implementation(s); (2) you must disclose the 
date (s) that you conducted the benchmark 
tests, along with specific version 
information for all Microsoft software 
products tested, including the .NET 
Component; (3) your benchmark testing was 
performed using all performance tuning and 
best practice guidance set forth in the 
product documentation and/or on Microsoft's 
support web sites, and uses the latest 
updates, patches and fixes available for the .
NET Component and the relevant Microsoft 
operating system; (4) it shall be sufficient 
if you make the disclosures provided for 
above at a publicly available location such 
as a website, so long as every public 
disclosure of the results of your benchmark 
test expressly identifies the public site 
containing all required disclosures; and (5) 
nothing in this provision shall be deemed to 
waive any other right that you may have to 
conduct benchmark testing. The foregoing 
obligations shall not apply to your 
disclosure of the results of any customized 
benchmark test of the .NET Component, whereby 
such disclosure is made under confidentiality 
in conjunction with a bid request by a 
prospective customer, such customer's 
application(s) are specifically tested and 
the results are only disclosed to such 
specific customer. Notwithstanding any other 
agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you 
disclose such benchmark test results, 
Microsoft shall have the right to disclose 
the results of benchmark tests it conducts of 
your products that compete with the .NET 
Component, provided it complies with the same 
conditions above.

8. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is 
licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives 
you some rights to use the software. 
Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless 
applicable law gives you more rights despite 
this limitation, you may use the software 
only as expressly permitted in this agreement.
In doing so, you must comply with any 
technical limitations in the software that 
only allow you to use it in certain ways. For 
more information, see www.microsoft.
com/licensing/userights. You may not

 work around any technical limitations in 
the software;

 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble 
the software, except and only to the extent 
that applicable law expressly permits, 
despite this limitation;

 make more copies of the software than 
specified in this agreement or allowed by 
applicable law, despite this limitation;

 publish the software for others to copy;

 rent, lease or lend the software; or

 use the software for commercial software 
hosting services.

Rights to access the software on any device 
do not give you any right to implement 
Microsoft patents or other Microsoft 
intellectual property in software or devices 
that access that server or device.

9. BACKUP COPY. You may make one backup copy 
of the software media. You may use it only to 
create instances of the software.

10. DOCUMENTATION. Any person that has valid 
access to your computer or internal network 
may copy and use the documentation for your 
internal, reference purposes.

11. NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE. You may not 
sell software marked as 'NFR' or 'Not for 
Resale.'

12. ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE. You must be a 
'Qualified Educational User' to use software 
marked as 'Academic Edition' or 'AE.' If you 
do not know whether you are a Qualified 
Educational User, visit www.microsoft.
com/education or contact the Microsoft 
affiliate serving your country.

13. DOWNGRADE. Instead of using the software,
you may use an earlier version. This 
agreement applies to your use of the earlier 
version. If the earlier version includes 
different components, any terms for those 
components in the agreement that comes with 
the earlier version apply to your use of them.
Microsoft is not obligated to supply earlier 
versions to you. At any time, you may replace 
an earlier version with this version of the 
software.

14. Using Software Designed for Other 
Platforms. A license for a platform-specific 
version of standard edition (e.g. Windows 
Server 2003 R2 with Service Pack 2) permits 
you to use, in place of what you have 
licensed, the standard edition software for 
the other platform under that license. A 
license for a platform-specific version of 
enterprise edition permits you to use, in 
place of what you have licensed, the 
enterprise edition software for the other 
platform under that license. For example, 
under a license for Windows Server 2003 R2 
Standard x64 Edition with Service Pack 2 you 
may run Windows Server 2003 R2 Standard 
Edition with Service Pack 2. You may create 
and run only as many instances of software 
under a license as that license permits. You 
may not run enterprise edition software under 
a standard edition license. The software may 
not work on all platforms (e.g., software for 
x64 may not work on the 32-bit x86 platform). 
Microsoft is not obligated to provide you 
software for platforms you have not licensed.

15. PROOF OF LICENSE. If you acquired the 
software on a disc or other media, a genuine 
Microsoft Proof of License label with a 
genuine copy of the software identifies 
licensed software. To be valid, this label 
must appear on Microsoft packaging. If you 
receive the label separately, it is invalid. 
You should keep the packaging that has the 
label on it to prove that you are licensed to 
use the software. To identify genuine 
Microsoft software, see www.howtotell.com.

16. TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY. The first 
user of the software may transfer it, this 
agreement, and CALs, directly to a third 
party. Before the transfer, that party must 
agree that this agreement applies to the 
transfer and use of the software. The 
transfer must include the software and the 
Proof of License label. The first user may 
not retain any instances of the software 
unless that user also retains another license 
for the software.

17. NOTICE ABOUT THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD. 
This software includes MPEG-4 visual decoding 
technology. This technology is a format for 
data compression of video information. MPEG 
LA, L.L.C. requires this notice:

USE OF THIS PRODUCT IN ANY MANNER THAT 
COMPLIES WITH THE MPEG 4 VISUAL STANDARD IS 
PROHIBITED, EXCEPT FOR USE DIRECTLY RELATED 
TO (A) DATA OR INFORMATION (i) GENERATED BY 
AND OBTAINED WITHOUT CHARGE FROM A CONSUMER 
NOT THEREBY ENGAGED IN A BUSINESS ENTERPRISE, 
AND (ii) FOR PERSONAL USE ONLY; AND (B) OTHER 
USES SPECIFICALLY AND SEPARATELY LICENSED BY 
MPEG LA, L.L.C.

If you have questions about the MPEG-4 
visual standard, please contact MPEG LA, L.L.
C., 250 Steele Street, Suite 300, Denver, 
Colorado 80206; www.mpegla.com.

18. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The software is 
subject to United States export laws and 
regulations. You must comply with all 
domestic and international export laws and 
regulations that apply to the software. These 
laws include restrictions on destinations, 
end users and end use. For additional 
information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.

19. SUPPORT SERVICES. Microsoft provides 
support services for the software as 
described at www.support.microsoft.
com/common/international.aspx.

20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement 
(including the warranty below), and the terms 
for supplements, updates, Internet-based 
services and support services that you use, 
are the entire agreement for the software and 
support services.

21. APPLICABLE LAW.

a. United States. If you acquired the 
software in the United States, Washington 
state law governs the interpretation of this 
agreement and applies to claims for breach of 
it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.
The laws of the state where you live govern 
all other claims, including claims under 
state consumer protection laws, unfair 
competition laws, and in tort.

b. Outside the United States. If you 
acquired the software in any other country, 
the laws of that country apply.

22. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes 
certain legal rights. You may have other 
rights under the laws of your state or 
country. You may also have rights with 
respect to the party from whom you acquired 
the software. This agreement does not change 
your rights under the laws of your state or 
country if the laws of your state or country 
do not permit it to do so.

23. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. 
You can recover from Microsoft and its 
suppliers only direct damages up to the 
amount you paid for the software. You cannot 
recover any other damages, including 
consequential, lost profits, special, 
indirect or incidental damages.

This limitation applies to

 anything related to the software, services,
content (including code) on third party 
Internet sites, or third party programs; and

 claims for breach of contract, breach of 
warranty, guarantee or condition, strict 
liability, negligence, or other tort to the 
extent permitted by applicable law.

It also applies even if

 repair, replacement or a refund for the 
software does not fully compensate you for 
any losses; or

 Microsoft knew or should have known about 
the possibility of the damages.

Some states do not allow the exclusion or 
limitation of incidental or consequential 
damages, so the above limitation or exclusion 
may not apply to you. They also may not apply 
to you because your country may not allow the 
exclusion or limitation of incidental, 
consequential or other damages. 

**************************************************************************************

LIMITED WARRANTY

A. LIMITED WARRANTY. If you follow the 
instructions, the software will perform 
substantially as described in the Microsoft 
materials that you receive in or with the 
software.

B. TERM OF WARRANTY; WARRANTY RECIPIENT; 
LENGTH OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES. The limited 
warranty covers the software for one year 
after acquired by the first user. If you 
receive supplements, updates, or replacement 
software during that year, they will be 
covered for the remainder of the warranty or 
30 days, whichever is longer. If the first 
user transfers the software, the remainder of 
the warranty will apply to the recipient.

To the extent permitted by law, any implied 
warranties, guarantees or conditions last 
only during the term of the limited warranty. 
Some states do not allow limitations on how 
long an implied warranty lasts, so these 
limitations may not apply to you. They also 
might not apply to you because some countries 
may not allow limitations on how long an 
implied warranty, guarantee or condition 
lasts.

C. EXCLUSIONS FROM WARRANTY. This warranty 
does not cover problems caused by your acts 
(or failures to act), the acts of others, or 
events beyond Microsoft's reasonable control.

D. REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY. Microsoft 
will repair or replace the software at no 
charge. If Microsoft cannot repair or replace 
it, Microsoft will refund the amount shown on 
your receipt for the software. It will also 
repair or replace supplements, updates and 
replacement software at no charge. If 
Microsoft cannot repair or replace them, it 
will refund the amount you paid for them, if 
any. You must delete the software and return 
any media and other associated materials to 
Microsoft with proof of purchase to obtain a 
refund. These are your only remedies for 
breach of the limited warranty.

E. CONSUMER RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED. You may 
have additional consumer rights under your 
local laws, which this agreement cannot 
change.

F. WARRANTY PROCEDURES. You need proof of 
purchase for warranty service.

1. United States and Canada. For warranty 
service or information about how to obtain a 
refund for software acquired in the United 
States and Canada, contact Microsoft at

 (800) MICROSOFT;

 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, 
One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399; or

 visit www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm.


2. Europe, Middle East and Africa. If you 
acquired the software in Europe, the Middle 
East or Africa, Microsoft Ireland Operations 
Limited makes this limited warranty. To make 
a claim under this warranty, you should 
contact either

 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, 
Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B,
Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, 
Dublin 18, Ireland; or

 the Microsoft affiliate serving your 
country (see www.microsoft.com/worldwide).

3. Outside United States, Canada, Europe, 
Middle East and Africa. If you acquired the 
software outside the United States, Canada, 
Europe, the Middle East and Africa, contact 
the Microsoft affiliate serving your country 
(see www.microsoft.com/worldwide).

G. NO OTHER WARRANTIES. The limited warranty 
is the only direct warranty from Microsoft. 
Microsoft gives no other express warranties, 
guarantees or conditions. Where allowed by 
your local laws, Microsoft excludes implied 
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a 
particular purpose and non-infringement. If 
your local laws give you any implied 
warranties, guarantees or conditions, despite 
this exclusion, your remedies are described 
in the Remedy for Breach of Warranty clause 
above, to the extent permitted by your local 
laws.

H. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES 
FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY. The Limitation on and 
Exclusion of Damages clause above applies to 
breaches of this limited warranty.

This warranty gives you specific legal 
rights, and you may also have other rights 
which vary from state to state. You may also 
have other rights which vary from country to 
country. 

EULAID:WS03SP2_RM.0_KN_RTL_EN
